This tutorial will help you to transfer you passwords from Passman
First, open Passman and log into your password vault
Then click on "Settings" in the bottom left corner and open the "Export credentials" tab
Choose the "Export type" "JSON" and enter your vault password in the password field
After that, click the export-button and save the generated file on your computer
If the export does not work, take a look at our list of known bugs and workarounds for help.
Now, open the Passwords app and click on "More" in the bottom left corner
Then click on "Backup and Restore" and choose the option "Restore or import"
Select "Passman JSON" as import format and open the file created by Passman using the file dialog
If needed, change the import options
You can find more information on these options on the "Password Import" manual page